chore: mention growing mathlib paper (#14)
fpvandoorn/fpvandoorn.github.io: formalized-mathematics.md

## Papers/preprints

<!-- Maria's second divided powers paper -->

> * Anne Baanen, Matthew Robert Ballard, Bryan Gin-ge Chen, Johan Commelin, Michael Rothgang and Damiano Testa. *Growing Mathlib: maintenance of a large scale mathematical library*, 2025. To appear in the 18th Conference on Intelligent Computer Mathematics (CICM '25). [arXiv](TODO! add link)

Author: ```suggestion
* Anne Baanen, Matthew Robert Ballard, Bryan Gin-ge Chen, Johan Commelin, Michael Rothgang and Damiano Testa. *Growing Mathlib: maintenance of a large scale mathematical library*, 2025. To appear in the 18th Conference on Intelligent Computer Mathematics (CICM '25). [arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2508.21593)
```

* Antoine Chambert-Loir, María Inés de Frutos-Fernández, *A Formalization of Divided Powers in Lean*, 2025. Accepted to 16th International Conference on Interactive Theorem Proving (ITP '25). [arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2507.05327)
* Sven Manthe *A formalization of Borel determinacy in Lean*, 2025. [arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2502.03432)

> * Lars Becker, Floris van Doorn, Asgar Jamneshan, Rajula Srivastava, Christoph Thiele, *Carleson Operators on Doubling Metric Measure Spaces*, 2024. [arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2405.06423)

Author: Do you want to update the reference now? If so, here's how it could look!
```suggestion
* Lars Becker, María Inés de Frutos-Fernández, Leo Diedering, Floris van Doorn, Sébastien Gouëzel, Asgar Jamneshan, Evgenia Karunus, Edward van de Meent, Pietro Monticone, Jasper Mulder-Sohn, Jim Portegies, Joris Roos, Michael Rothgang, Rajula Srivastava, James Sundstrom, Jeremy Tan, Christoph Thiele, *A blueprint for the formalization of Carleson's theorem on convergence of Fourier series*, 2025. [arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2405.06423)
```

Reviewer: Yes, thanks
